First we're going to use Create React app in order to
install a brand new React application that we will
call Udacity Goals Todos.
Once that is finished we can go ahead and
cd into our directory and now let's install a few of the packages we need.
The first is going to be our goals todos
API which is going to be a replacement for the script right here.
And then we will also need Redux as well as React Redux and the redux thunk middleware.
And so now once all of those are installed,
you can go ahead and start your application by running yarn start.
And so now what I have is our previous index.html file over on this side
our brand new React application over on this side and what we will
do is we will slowly start migrating all of this code to our React app,
but before we do that let us go ahead and just
reformat the structure of our create React app that he gave us.
So we are going to first delete this logo because we don't need that,
we can also delete the service worker because we won't be using that,
and last we can delete our app.test.js,
as well as our app.css file.
So now let's go inside of app.js we can delete both of these,
our logo as well as app.css.
Let's restructure this a little bit so we will just have a <div> here,
then we will say 'hello
world' and then inside of our index.js file what we can do is delete our service worker.
Delete a few different semi-colons and then what we can
do is delete register service worker down here,
and then the last change we want to make is let's make a components folder,
let's move our app.js file
into that components folder so it will be source slash components now,
and then now inside of index.js app is going to come from./components/App.
And then now if everything is working inside of our app we have 'Hello World.'